Updates to mc docs for December 2022 releases (#697)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-ilm-tier-add.rst

.. _minio-mc-ilm-tier-add:

===================
``mc ilm tier add``
===================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc ilm tier add

.. versionchanged:: RELEASE.2022-12-24T15-21-38Z

   :mc-cmd:`mc ilm tier add` replaces ``mc admin tier add``.

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-ilm-tier-add-desc

> The :mc:`mc ilm tier add` command creates a new remote storage tier to a supported S3-compatible service for MinIO :ref:`Lifecycle Management: Object Transition ("Tiering")<minio-lifecycle-management-expiration>`. 

Reviewer: Azure blob is actually not S3 compatible at all, and some of the others are only sort of compatible.

We can probably sub this to just "supported storage services. See <x> for a complete list"

Author: Done

.. literalinclude:: /extra/examples/LifecycleManagementAdmin.json
   :language: json
   :class: copyable

Syntax
------

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: EXAMPLE

      The following example creates a new remote tier called ``WARM-MINIO-TIER`` on the ``myminio`` deployment.
      The command creates a tier for a remote MinIO deployment located at the hostname ``https://warm-minio.com``.
      
      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

          mc ilm tier add minio myminio WARM-MINIO-TIER                     \
                                        --endpoint https://warm-minio.com   \                       
                                        --access-key ACCESSKEY              \
                                        --secret-key SECRETKEY              \
                                        --bucket mybucket                   \
                                        --prefix myprefix/ 

      Lifecycle management rules on the ``myminio`` deployment can use the new tier to transition objects into the remote location's ``myprefix/`` prefix in the ``mybucket`` bucket.

   .. tab-item:: SYNTAX
   
      The command has the following syntax:

>       .. code-block:: shell

Reviewer: missing `--limit-upload` and `--limit-download`. which oddly also appear in all other `mc ilm tier` subcommands, including those which make no mutations to the config (cc @krisis)

Author: Those are global commands. Added in the global block in minio-mc.rst.

Reviewer: @kannappanr actually what is the intent of those options?

if I run `mc admin rebalance --limit-upload 100MiB` would that limit the entire rebalance op to 100MiB PUT? Is it only for the current command (e.g. any data PUT/GET to the server?)

         :class: copyable

         mc ilm tier add TIER_TYPE                    \
                         TARGET                       \
                         TIER_NAME                    \

>                          --endpoint string            \

Reviewer: Technically optional for non-S3/MinIO.

I wonder if *just* for this, we should have more tabs:

SYNTAX (S3)
SYNTAX (GCP)
SYNTAX (AZURE)

it means the syntax tab tree can get kinda long, which we don't have a design for though...

Or we could have three sub-blocks under syntax, like

```
# MinIO, AWS, or other S3-compatible remote
mc ilm tier add s3  TARGET TIER_NAME \
      --endpoint string \
     ...

# Google Cloud Storage Remote Target
mc ilm tier add gcp TARGET TIER_NAME \
      --params [--params]
```

etc.

breaks the copy-ability a bit, but maybe that's fine?

Author: We have examples for each in the Examples section down the page, so I'm inclined to not add them here.

Tried an alternative of adding a note and referencing the TIER_TYPE parameter section, where the parameters required are detailed by vendor.

                         [--region string]            \
                         [--access-key value]         \
                         [--secret-key value]         \
                         [--use-aws-role]             \
                         [--account-name value]       \
                         [--account-key value]        \
                         [--credentials-file value]   \

>                          --bucket value               \

Reviewer: Move this up before `--endpoint` since it's required

Author: 👍

                         [--prefix value]             \
                         [--storage-class value]

      .. include:: /includes/common-minio-mc.rst
         :start-after: start-minio-syntax
         :end-before: end-minio-syntax

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

The command accepts the following arguments:

.. mc-cmd:: TIER_TYPE
   :required:

   The Cloud Service Provider storage backend ("Tier") to which MinIO transitions objects. 
   Specify *one* of the following supported values:

   .. list-table::
      :stub-columns: 1
      :width: 100%
      :widths: 30 70

      * - ``minio``
        - Use a remote MinIO deployment as the storage backend for the new Tier.

>           Requires specifying the following additional options:

Reviewer: For all other instances:

"Requires specifying the following parameters"

Author: 👍

          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --access-key`
          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --secret-key`

      * - ``s3``
        - Use AWS S3 as the storage backend for the new Tier.

          Requires specifying the following additional options:

          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --access-key`
          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --secret-key`

      * - ``azure``
        - Use :abbr:`Azure (Microsoft Azure)` Blob Storage as the storage backend for the new Tier.

          Requires specifying the following additional options:

          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --account-name`
          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --account-key`
         
      * - ``gcs`` 
        - Use :abbr:`GCP (Google Cloud Platform)` Cloud Storage as the storage backend for the new Tier.

          Requires specifying the following additional option:

          - :mc-cmd:`~mc ilm tier add --credentials-file`

.. mc-cmd:: TARGET
   :required:

   The :mc-cmd:`alias <mc alias>` of a configured MinIO deployment on which the command creates the new remote tier.

>    Rules on this deployment use the new tier to transition objects from this deployment to a remote location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then create new rules with :mc:`mc ilm add` specifying the new remote tier.
```

as-is implies that new rules always use the new tier vs it just being available.

Author: Agree. Done.

      
.. mc-cmd:: TIER_NAME
   :required:

   The name to associate with the new remote tier. 
   The name **must** be unique across all configured tiers on the MinIO cluster.

>    You **must** specify the tier in all-caps, e.g. ``WARM_TIER``.

Reviewer: @krisis I've wondered if there's a way for us to autocap this so we always do the right thing. Not sure if that's more disruptive than asking users to hold down SHIFT or use caps-lock.
